https://github.com/jasonk/dot-vimrc
===================================

This repository contains my configuration for [vim](http://www.vim.org/).

To use it, clone it into into your .vim directory, then run the setup
script:

    git clone https://github.com/jasonk/dot-vimrc ~/.vim
    cd ~/.vim
    ./setup.sh

WARNING:
  If you have an existing ~/.vimrc or ~/.gvimrc file, the setup script
  will delete them!


Customizing your configuration
==============================

If you are going to customize your configuration, you will probably want
to fork the repo on Github before cloning it as above.  Just go to
https://github.com/jasonk/dot-vimrc (login to Github if necessary) and
then click the 'Fork' button to create your own fork in your own
account.  Then just follow the instructions above, and replace 'jasonk'
with your own Github username.

Directory Layout
----------------

The directory layout I'm using is fairly simple, and makes sense to me, but
there is no reason you have to do it that way, you can do whatever you want.

Within the .vim directory, I tend to organize configuration by the type of
configuration it is:

### abbreviations.vim ###

Abbreviations.

### autocmds.vim ###

Automatic Commands.

### bundle ###

This is the directory where Vundle will install it's bundle files.  You
should not track this in your repository (that's why it's listed in
.gitignore) and you shouldn't modify anything in here as this directory
will get rebuilt whenever you run setup.sh

If you want to change the configuration of the plugins that Vundle is
installing, see the 'plugins' directory below.

### commands.vim ###

Commands.

### functions.vim ###

Functions.

### mappings.vim ###

Mappings.

### os-mac.vim ###

Settings specific to Mac OS X.

### os-windows.vim ###

Settings specific to Windows.  See "Notes for Windows Users" below.

### plugins ###

Settings for Vundle plugins. See "Configuring Plugins" below.

### plugins.vim ###

This file is automatically generated by setup.sh, you shouldn't modify it.
See "Configuring Plugins" below.

### settings.vim ###

General settings.

### setup.sh ###

A shell script that generates the configuration necessary for Vundle to
work and does some additional setup of plugins as needed.

See "Configuring Plugins" below.

### vimrc ###

The main vimrc file, all it does is import other configuration files.

Configuring Plugins
===================
The files in the plugins directory are the configuration for individual
plugins.  In order for setup.sh to install them correctly, each file
needs to include at least one comment line that starts with the word
'Plugin' and identifies the plugin to be installed.  Look at some of the
existing ones for an idea of how it works.  The setup.sh script will
generate a plugins.vim file that loads each of those plugins and then
sources the file itself.  So although some of the plugins only include
a comment line (since they don't need any additional configuration) you
can also put any configuration for that plugin in this file.

You can also put more than one plugin per file (for an example of this,
look at plugins/javascript.vim).

In addition to the *.vim files that are in this directory, you can also
include *.sh files if there is any additional setup that needs to be
done by setup.sh for that plugin to work.  For an example of this look
at the javascript.vim and javascript.sh files: javascript.vim includes
a plugin called 'tern_for_vim' which requires a nodejs service to be
installed.  The javascript.sh file makes sure this gets installed.

Note that the name of the .sh file must match the name of a .vim file.
This is an attempt to prevent the .sh files from running if the plugin
has been disabled.  So, for example, if you remove the
plugins/javascript.vim file then the plugins/javascript.sh file will not
run even if you forget to remove it.


Notes for Windows Users
=======================
I hardly ever use Windows, so the Windows-specific settings here are
probably not all that exciting.  You are also on your own trying to get
things installed on Windows, but here are some links to get you started:

http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc
https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim/wiki/Vundle-for-Windows
